com/all/officereader/screens/activities/MyApplication.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MyApplication
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/BaseDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.BaseDialog
com/artifex/sonui/editor/NUIActivity.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIActivity
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIActivity$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIActivity$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIActivity$3
com/all/officereader/receiver/HomeReceiver.java
 com.all.officereader.receiver.HomeReceiver
 com.all.officereader.receiver.HomeReceiver$InnerReceiver
 com.all.officereader.receiver.HomeReceiver$OnHomePressedListener
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileReaderFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderFragment$1
com/all/officereader/screens/dialogs/FeedbackDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.FeedbackDialog
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/EditOCRAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditOCRAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditOCRAdapter$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/fragments/TabScannerFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.fragments.TabScannerFragment
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/BaseActivityCode.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.BaseActivityCode
com/all/officereader/screens/adapters/MyViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.adapters.MyViewPagerAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.adapters.MyViewPagerAdapter$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/PreviewPDFActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewPDFActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewPDFActivity$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewPDFActivity$2
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewPDFActivity$3
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/DocxReaderActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.DocxReaderActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.DocxReaderActivity$1
com/artifex/sonui/ChoosePathActivity.java
 com.artifex.sonui.ChoosePathActivity
 com.artifex.sonui.ChoosePathActivity$1
 com.artifex.sonui.ChoosePathActivity$2
 com.artifex.sonui.ChoosePathActivity$3
 com.artifex.sonui.ChoosePathActivity$4
 com.artifex.sonui.ChoosePathActivity$a
com/artifex/sonui/editor/NUIDocViewPdf.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$3
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$4
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$5
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$6
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$7
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$8
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPdf$9
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/VectorDrawableUtils.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.VectorDrawableUtils
com/all/officereader/model/FileAssetModel.java
 com.all.officereader.model.FileAssetModel
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/MyViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.MyViewPagerAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.MyViewPagerAdapter$MyHolder
com/artifex/sonui/editor/NUIDocViewOther.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewOther
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/FontItem.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.FontItem
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/animation/TranslateAnimator.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.TranslateAnimator
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/ScreenUtils.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.ScreenUtils
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/WheelViewAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelViewAdapter
com/all/officereader/helpers/provider/GenericFileProvider.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.provider.GenericFileProvider
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/Utilities2.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$2
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$3
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$4
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$5
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$5$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$6
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$6$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$7
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$7$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$8
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$8$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$8$2
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$SigningFactoryListener
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utilities2$passwordDialogListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/rating/RateStarDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.RateStarDialog
com/all/officereader/screens/dialogs/LoadingRewardDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.LoadingRewardDialog
com/all/officereader/helpers/bubblenavigation/BubbleToggleItem.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleToggleItem
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/AbstractWheelAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.AbstractWheelAdapter
com/all/officereader/screens/dialogs/LoadingFileDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.LoadingFileDialog
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/EditScannerActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditScannerActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditScannerActivity$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditScannerActivity$2
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditScannerActivity$3
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/popups/SignatureDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.popups.SignatureDialog
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.popups.SignatureDialog$onDrawListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/animation/BaseObjectAnimator.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.BaseObjectAnimator
android/supportv1/v4/util/SimpleArrayMap.java
 android.supportv1.v4.util.SimpleArrayMap
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/IOnBackPressed.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.IOnBackPressed
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileReaderTxtFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderTxtFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderTxtFragment$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/popups/ExportDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.popups.ExportDialog
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.popups.ExportDialog$onExportListener
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/EditOCRActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditOCRActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.EditOCRActivity$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/ListOCRActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.ListOCRActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.ListOCRActivity$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.ListOCRActivity$2
com/artifex/sonui/editor/docx/InputView2.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.InputView2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.InputView2$a
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/PageOcrAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PageOcrAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PageOcrAdapter$onCLickItem
com/all/officereader/adapter/CreateFilePagerAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.CreateFilePagerAdapter
com/all/officereader/adapter/OfficePagerAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.OfficePagerAdapter
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/fragments/GalleryFragments.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.fragments.GalleryFragments
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/CreateTemplateFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.CreateTemplateFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.CreateTemplateFragment$1
com/all/officereader/model/DialogProperties.java
 com.all.officereader.model.DialogProperties
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/QueryAllStorage.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.QueryAllStorage
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/view/StickerPropertyModel.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.view.StickerPropertyModel
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/ShowSlideActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.ShowSlideActivity
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/general/PermissionUtils.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.general.PermissionUtils
com/artifex/sonui/editor/docx/Utilities2.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$3
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$4
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$5
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$5$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$6
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$6$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$7
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$7$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$8
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$8$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$8$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$SigningFactoryListener
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.Utilities2$passwordDialogListener
com/all/officereader/model/DialogConfigs.java
 com.all.officereader.model.DialogConfigs
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/SharedPreferencesUtility.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.SharedPreferencesUtility
com/artifex/sonui/editor/docx/SODocSession2.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.SODocSession2
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/AbstractWheelTextAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.AbstractWheelTextAdapter
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/WheelScroller.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelScroller
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelScroller$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelScroller$2
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelScroller$ScrollingListener
com/all/officereader/adapter/FileSearchAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileSearchAdapter
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileSearchAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileSearchAdapter$fileSearchAdapterListener
com/artifex/sonui/editor/BaseActivity.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.BaseActivity
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.BaseActivity$PermissionResultHandler
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.BaseActivity$ResultHandler
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.BaseActivity$ResumeHandler
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/ItemFileClickListener.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.ItemFileClickListener
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/fragments/FolderFragments.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.fragments.FolderFragments
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.fragments.FolderFragments$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/ZoomOutPageTransformer.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.ZoomOutPageTransformer
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/OnWheelScrollListener.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.OnWheelScrollListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/PathFileUtil.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.PathFileUtil
com/artifex/sonui/editor/NUIDocView.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$1$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$10
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$11
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$12
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$12$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$12$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$12$3
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$13
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$13$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$13$1$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$14
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15$3
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15$3$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15$3$1$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15$3$1$1$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$15$3$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$16
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$17
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$17$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$18
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$19
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$20
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$21
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$22
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$23
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$24
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$25
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$26
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$27
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$28
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$28$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$29
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$3
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$30
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$31
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$32
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$33
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$4
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$4$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$4$1$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$4$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$5
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$5$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$6
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$7
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$8
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$9
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$ProgressCallback
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocView$TabData
com/all/officereader/view/widget/OnCheckedChangeListener.java
 com.all.officereader.view.widget.OnCheckedChangeListener
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/WheelAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelAdapter
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/gallery/GalleryActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.GalleryActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.GalleryActivity$1
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/animation/BaseCreative.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.BaseCreative
com/all/officereader/screens/dialogs/DialogLoading.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.DialogLoading
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.DialogLoading$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.DialogLoading$LoadingDialog
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.DialogLoading$LoadingDialog$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.DialogLoading$LoadingDialog$1$1
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/WheelView.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelView
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelView$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelView$2
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/PreviewFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewFragment$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewFragment$2
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewFragment$3
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/PreviewAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.PreviewAdapter$FileHolder
com/artifex/sonui/editor/NUIDocViewXls.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$10
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$11
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$12
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$13
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$14
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$15
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$16
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$17
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$18
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$18$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$19
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$20
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$21
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$22
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$3
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$4
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$5
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$6
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$7
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$8
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewXls$9
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/general/ControlUtils.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.general.ControlUtils
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.general.ControlUtils$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.general.ControlUtils$2
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/WheelRecycle.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.WheelRecycle
com/all/officereader/helpers/controllers/RemoveAdsController.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.controllers.RemoveAdsController
 com.all.officereader.helpers.controllers.RemoveAdsController$OnAdsStatusListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/PreferencesUtils.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.PreferencesUtils
com/all/officereader/helpers/receivers/ConnectInternetReceiver.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.receivers.ConnectInternetReceiver
 com.all.officereader.helpers.receivers.ConnectInternetReceiver$ConnectInternetReceiverListener
com/artifex/sonui/editor/NUIDocViewPpt.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPpt
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPpt$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPpt$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewPpt$3
com/all/officereader/BuildConfig.java
 com.all.officereader.BuildConfig
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/AppUtil.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.AppUtil
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileReaderPdfFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderPdfFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderPdfFragment$1
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/DrawableClickListener.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.DrawableClickListener
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.DrawableClickListener$DrawablePosition
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/Constant.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Constant
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/SystemUtil.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.SystemUtil
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.SystemUtil$1
com/artifex/sonui/MainApp.java
 com.artifex.sonui.MainApp
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/Utility.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.Utility
com/all/officereader/adapter/MoreAppAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.MoreAppAdapter
 com.all.officereader.adapter.MoreAppAdapter$MoreApp
 com.all.officereader.adapter.MoreAppAdapter$moreAppAdapterListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/bubblenavigation/listener/BubbleNavigationChangeListener.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.listener.BubbleNavigationChangeListener
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileReaderPptFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderPptFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderPptFragment$1
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/OnWheelClickedListener.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.OnWheelClickedListener
com/artifex/sonui/FileBrowser.java
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser$1
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser$2
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser$3
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser$4
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser$5
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser$5$1
 com.artifex.sonui.FileBrowser$5$1$1
com/all/officereader/screens/dialogs/ScanFileSuccessDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.ScanFileSuccessDialog
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.ScanFileSuccessDialog$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.ScanFileSuccessDialog$scanFileSuccessListener
com/all/officereader/adapter/FileAdsFragmentAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileAdsFragmentAdapter
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileAdsFragmentAdapter$1
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileAdsFragmentAdapter$FileViewHolder
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileAdsFragmentAdapter$fileAdsFragmentAdapterListener
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/view/StickerView.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.view.StickerView
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.view.StickerView$OperationListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/BaseFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.BaseFragment
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/StorageUtils.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.StorageUtils
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/model/ImageFolder.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.model.ImageFolder
com/all/officereader/helpers/bubblenavigation/BubbleNavigationLinearView.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleNavigationLinearView
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleNavigationLinearView$1
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/DialogSelectionListener.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.DialogSelectionListener
com/artifex/sonui/interfaces/OnActionCallback.java
 com.artifex.sonui.interfaces.OnActionCallback
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/animation/MoveAnimation.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.MoveAnimation
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.MoveAnimation$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.MoveAnimation$2
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.MoveAnimation$3
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.MoveAnimation$4
android/supportv1/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.supportv1.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/CameraActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.CameraActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.CameraActivity$1
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileReaderAllFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderAllFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderAllFragment$1
com/all/officereader/adapter/CreateFileAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.CreateFileAdapter
 com.all.officereader.adapter.CreateFileAdapter$FileViewHolder
 com.all.officereader.adapter.CreateFileAdapter$NativeBannerAdViewHolder
 com.all.officereader.adapter.CreateFileAdapter$onItemClickAssetListener
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/FilterAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.FilterAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.FilterAdapter$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.FilterAdapter$FileHolder
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.FilterAdapter$onClickItem
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/CreateFileActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.CreateFileActivity
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/SplashActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.SplashActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.SplashActivity$1
com/all/officereader/adapter/FontAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FontAdapter
com/all/officereader/adapter/BookmarkAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.BookmarkAdapter
 com.all.officereader.adapter.BookmarkAdapter$FileViewHolder
com/all/officereader/adapter/FileManagerAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileManagerAdapter
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileManagerAdapter$VideoHolder
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileManagerAdapter$onFileManagerAdapterInterface
com/all/officereader/helpers/rating/BaseRating.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Coordinate
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Eye
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Eye$EyeSide
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$EyeEmotion
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Line
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Point
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Smile
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Smile$Mode
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Smile$Side
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Smiley
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.BaseRating$Smileys
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/AnimationUtil.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.AnimationUtil
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.AnimationUtil$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.AnimationUtil$2
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.AnimationUtil$3
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.AnimationUtil$4
com/artifex/sonui/editor/docx/NUIView2.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.NUIView2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.NUIView2$OnDoneListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/bubblenavigation/BubbleToggleView.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleToggleView
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleToggleView$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleToggleView$2
com/artifex/sonui/editor/NUIDocViewDoc.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewDoc
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewDoc$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.NUIDocViewDoc$2
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/model/PictureFacer.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.model.PictureFacer
com/all/officereader/screens/dialogs/EnableInternetDialog.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.EnableInternetDialog
 com.all.officereader.screens.dialogs.EnableInternetDialog$enableInternetListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/bubblenavigation/BubbleNavigationConstraintView.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleNavigationConstraintView
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleNavigationConstraintView$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleNavigationConstraintView$2
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.BubbleNavigationConstraintView$DisplayMode
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/IOnEditTextChange.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.IOnEditTextChange
kankan/wheel/widget/apps/b.java
 kankan.wheel.widget.apps.b
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/IOnPageChange.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.IOnPageChange
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/NotifyItemChecked.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.NotifyItemChecked
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/OnWheelChangedListener.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.OnWheelChangedListener
com/all/officereader/adapter/FileReaderPagerAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.adapter.FileReaderPagerAdapter
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/fragments/TabOCRFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.fragments.TabOCRFragment
com/all/officereader/helpers/bubblenavigation/util/ViewUtils.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bubblenavigation.util.ViewUtils
com/artifex/sonui/editor/DocPageView.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.DocPageView
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.DocPageView$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.DocPageView$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.DocPageView$ExternalLinkListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/FileUtility.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.FileUtility
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.FileUtility$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/BitmapExtKt.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.BitmapExtKt
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/gallery/FolderAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.FolderAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.FolderAdapter$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.FolderAdapter$FileHolder
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.FolderAdapter$onClickItem
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/CreateNewFileFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.CreateNewFileFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.CreateNewFileFragment$1
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/IntroductionActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.IntroductionActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.IntroductionActivity$1
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/ToastUtil.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.ToastUtil
kankan/wheel/widget/apps/c.java
 kankan.wheel.widget.apps.c
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileReaderExcelFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderExcelFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderExcelFragment$1
com/all/officereader/helpers/callbacks/changeDataFileListener.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.callbacks.changeDataFileListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/rating/SmileRating.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.SmileRating
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.SmileRating$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.SmileRating$ClickAnalyser
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.SmileRating$Face
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.SmileRating$OnRatingSelectedListener
 com.all.officereader.helpers.rating.SmileRating$OnSmileySelectionListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/WebUtil.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.WebUtil
com/artifex/sonui/editor/docx/DocViewHost2.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.docx.DocViewHost2
com/all/officereader/popup/CreateFilesPopup.java
 com.all.officereader.popup.CreateFilesPopup
 com.all.officereader.popup.CreateFilesPopup$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/GalleryPagerAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.GalleryPagerAdapter
com/all/officereader/model/FileListItem.java
 com.all.officereader.model.FileListItem
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileReaderDocFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderDocFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileReaderDocFragment$1
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/gallery/GalleryAdapter.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.GalleryAdapter
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.GalleryAdapter$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.GalleryAdapter$FileHolder
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.gallery.GalleryAdapter$onClickItem
com/all/officereader/view/widget/MaterialCheckbox.java
 com.all.officereader.view.widget.MaterialCheckbox
 com.all.officereader.view.widget.MaterialCheckbox$1
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/SavePathActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.SavePathActivity
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/RecentFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.RecentFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.RecentFragment$1
com/artifex/sonui/editor/EditFont.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.EditFont
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.EditFont$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.EditFont$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.EditFont$3
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/ViewEditorActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.ViewEditorActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.ViewEditorActivity$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.ViewEditorActivity$2
com/all/officereader/screens/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MainActivity
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MainActivity$2
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MainActivity$2$1
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MainActivity$3
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MainActivity$4
 com.all.officereader.screens.activities.MainActivity$5
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/BookmarkFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.BookmarkFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.BookmarkFragment$1
com/all/officereader/helpers/utils/ExtensionFilter.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.utils.ExtensionFilter
com/all/officereader/screens/custom_view/ItemsRange.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.custom_view.ItemsRange
com/all/officereader/screens/fragments/FileManagerFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileManagerFragment
 com.all.officereader.screens.fragments.FileManagerFragment$fileManagerFragmentListener
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/NewBaseFragment.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.NewBaseFragment
com/artifex/sonui/editor/InkColorDialog.java
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.InkColorDialog
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.InkColorDialog$1
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.InkColorDialog$2
 com.artifex.sonui.editor.InkColorDialog$ColorChangedListener
kankan/wheel/widget/WheelView.java
 kankan.wheel.widget.WheelView
 kankan.wheel.widget.WheelView$1
 kankan.wheel.widget.WheelView$2
com/all/officereader/helpers/bases/animation/AlphaAnimator.java
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.AlphaAnimator
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.AlphaAnimator$1
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.AlphaAnimator$2
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.AlphaAnimator$3
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.AlphaAnimator$4
 com.all.officereader.helpers.bases.animation.AlphaAnimator$5
com/all/officereader/screens/ocr/model/CameraModel.java
 com.all.officereader.screens.ocr.model.CameraModel
com/artifex/sonui/interfaces/SaveAndAdsListener.java
 com.artifex.sonui.interfaces.SaveAndAdsListener
